README.md, before:

## uriChallenge1 - Sample Web Page
URI bootcamp challenge 1 - week 1 - gitHub and HTML code refactoring MJS

Michael Sheliga 11.16.23

This repo is for the University of Richmond (URI) coding bootcamp.  
This is the week 1 challenge due 11.16.23. 


## Link to Deployed Webpage
Here is a link to the deployed website.  https://msheliga1.github.io/uriChallenge1

## Project Goals
In summary this repo will establish the basics of using gitHub and improving (refactoring) simple HTML code.  
============================================================================================================    
Github:  
    Create Repo  
    Clone to local machine   
    Create a nice long READ.md file!!  
    Copy sample files from Demo folder (likely hardest part!)   
    -- Go to Demo (root) folder, download zip, moving to local repo, unzipping likely fastest method.     
    -- Could not find a quicker way to copy over all files.    
    ... refactor HTML ...  
    Commit and push files back to gitHub  
    Deploy code  
    Make Sure it Works  
  
HTML:   
    View the Acceptance Criteria. 
    Improve the file (refactor).   
  
    (a) follows accessibility standards - added alts, better names for html tags, made sure language set.
    (1) source code - semantic HTML elements 
        Head, Body (Title (nav), Main(), Footer), etc.
    (2) HTML elements - elements follow a logical structure independent of styling and positioning
    (3) icon and image elements - accessible alt attributes = added alts
    (4) heading attributes - fall in sequential order
    (5) title element - concise, descriptive title (Horseon Marketing Agency)
    Technical Acceptance Criteria: 40%
    (a) Links all function correctly. (Fixed First Line)
    (b) CSS selector-properties consolidated-organized to follow semantic structure.   
        (Updated - a and p at beginning, content section together.)
    (c) CSS file is properly commented.  - Added comments.

Commit message:

added working Screenshot to readme.md

README.md, after:

## uriChallenge1 - Sample Web Page
URI bootcamp challenge 1 - week 1 - gitHub and HTML code refactoring MJS

Michael Sheliga 11.16.23 - Resubmit 11.27.23

This repo is for the University of Richmond (URI) coding bootcamp.  
This is the week 1 challenge due 11.16.23.  Resubmitted near 11.27.23.

## Link to Deployed Webpage
GitHub website image ![Challenge 1 GitHub Deployed Screenshot](./assets/images/workingScreenShot.PNG)
Here is a link to the deployed website.  https://msheliga1.github.io/uriChallenge1

## Project Goals
In summary this repo will establish the basics of using gitHub and improving (refactoring) simple HTML code.  
============================================================================================================    
Github:  
    Create Repo  
    Clone to local machine   
    Create a nice long READ.md file!!  
    Copy sample files from Demo folder (likely hardest part!)   
    -- Go to Demo (root) folder, download zip, moving to local repo, unzipping likely fastest method.     
    -- Could not find a quicker way to copy over all files.    
    ... refactor HTML ...  
    Commit and push files back to gitHub  
    Deploy code  
    Make Sure it Works  
  
HTML:   
    View the Acceptance Criteria. 
    Improve the file (refactor).   
  
    (a) follows accessibility standards - added alts, better names for html tags, made sure language set.
    (1) source code - semantic HTML elements 
        Head, Body (Title (nav), Main(), Footer), etc.
    (2) HTML elements - elements follow a logical structure independent of styling and positioning
    (3) icon and image elements - accessible alt attributes = added alts
    (4) heading attributes - fall in sequential order
    (5) title element - concise, descriptive title (Horseon Marketing Agency)
    Technical Acceptance Criteria: 40%
    (a) Links all function correctly. (Fixed First Line)
    (b) CSS selector-properties consolidated-organized to follow semantic structure.   
        (Updated - a and p at beginning, content section together.)
    (c) CSS file is properly commented.  - Added comments.
